#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
alembic==1.9.2
    # via jupyterhub
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via jupyterhub
async-lru==1.0.3
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via pyopenssl
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyterlab
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.8.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-lsp==1.5.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.6.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyterhub==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==4.0.0a32
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.8
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via jupyterlab
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via jupyterhub
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via certipy
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-telemetry
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via jupyter-telemetry
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
y-py==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
